First batch of adding descriptions to the documentation (#14825)
netdata/netdata: docs/quickstart/infrastructure.md

import { Grid, Box, BoxList, BoxListItemRegexLink } from '@site/src/components/Grid/'
import { RiExternalLinkLine } from 'react-icons/ri'

# Monitor your infrastructure

> Real-time infrastructure monitoring with Netdata Cloud. View key metrics, insightful charts, and active alarms from all your nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to view key metrics, insightful charts, and active alarms from all your nodes, with Netdata Cloud's real-time infrastructure monitoring.
```
